update members.md added my info (#51)
Bash-Woman-Community/Welcome: Members.md

__Social Handles__:  [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rahulsain/)  | [GitHub](https://github.com/rahulsain) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/rahul_sain01) | [Instagram](instagram.com/_rahulsain/)  
__Website__:  [Podcast](https://anchor.fm/rahulsain) | [Listen to my Podcast on Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/show/1CJoDKXx9tmk5BxI0pvgGX)  

> 
> - __Name__:  Divyang Bagla 
> __Country__:  India  
> __About__:  I am a Junior year CS undergraduate from MIT-WPU,Pune.I know web develeopment technologies like django, Bootstrap. I like to do the competitive programming.I love learning the new things. 
> __Tech Stack__:  C/C++, Python,MySQL,Django, BootStrap 
> __Social Handles__:  [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyang-bagla-976233176/)  | [GitHub](https://github.com/bagladivyang03)  
> __Website__:  [Portfolio](https://divyangbagla.vercel.app/)  

Reviewer: Good job 👏

```suggestion

- __Name__: Divyang Bagla 
__Country__: India  
__About__: I am a Junior year CS undergraduate from MIT-WPU, Pune.I know web development technologies like Django, Bootstrap. I like to do competitive programming. I love learning new things. 
__Tech Stack__: C/C++, Python,MySQL,Django, BootStrap 
__Social Handles__: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyang-bagla-976233176/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/bagladivyang03)  
__Website__: [Portfolio](https://divyangbagla.vercel.app/)  
```

Author: Thanks @ahammadshawki8 :)
